[DOCFIX] Reformat docs (#17737)
Alluxio/alluxio: docs/en/Overview.md

---
layout: global
title: Overview
# group: Overview
priority: 1
---

> Welcome to Alluxio Documentation! You will find resources regarding deploying Alluxio, integrating with various tech stacks, API references, and more! If you have any questions, join our Alluxio Community Slack &rarr; [alluxio.io/slack](alluxio.io/slack)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to Alluxio Documentation! You will find resources regarding deploying Alluxio, integrating with various tech stacks, API references, and more! If you have any questions, join our Alluxio Community Slack &rarr; [alluxio.io/slack](](https://www.alluxio.io/slack))
```
use full URL

* Table of Contents
{:toc}

## Get Started with Alluxio

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/5YQvvznT5cI" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

> Check out our [Quick Start Guide](/en/Get-Started.html) for step-by-step guidance on how to download Alluxio, run Alluxio on a local machine, and perform basic tasks via Alluxio Shell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out our [Quick Start Guide]({{ '/en/Get-Started.html' | relativize_url }}) for step-by-step guidance on how to download Alluxio, run Alluxio on a local machine, and perform basic tasks via Alluxio Shell.
```

relative links to other doc pages may work when rendering locally, but will not work when it gets published on docs.alluxio.io. you need to follow the pattern of `[link text]({{ '/en/folder/page.html' | relativize_url }})`. you'll need to fix this in several places

Follow along to deploy an Alluxio cluster with High Availability (HA) by running multiple Alluxio master processes on different nodes in the system. [Read More](/en/deploy/Deploy-Alluxio-on-Cluster-with-HA.html)
<br />
<br />

> ## Compute Integrations

Reviewer: i don't want to list the nav bar pages again in a page. for example, people are not going to remember to update this section when adding a new compute integration.

* [Running Presto with Alluxio](/en/compute/Presto.md)

* [Running Trino with Alluxio](/en/compute/Trino.md)

* [Running Spark with Alluxio](/en/compute/Spark.md)
<br />
<br />

> ## Storage Integrations

Reviewer: same for storage integrations, recommend to remove
